README.md, before:

# Allô 👋

- ⭐ Site Reliablity & Software Engineer
- 💬 Always happy to chat about DevOps & SRE
- 🌱 Loving entrepreneurship as well as open-source
- 📕 Read my latest articles [on Medium](https://links.berwick.fr/me-medium)
- :octocat: Check my latest open-source projects [on GitHub](https://github.com/flavienbwk?tab=repositories)
- 💼  Contact [me via e-mail](https://berwick.fr/en#contact) 📬

[![LinkedIn: flavienbwk](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Flavien%20Berwick-blue?style=flat-square&logo=Linkedin&logoColor=white&link=https://www.linkedin.com/in/flavienb/)](https://links.berwick.fr/me-ldkn)
[![Amazon: Flavien BERWICK](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Flavien%27s%20books-whitesmoke?style=flat-square&amp;labelColor=whitesmoke&amp;logo=Amazon&amp)](https://links.berwick.fr/me-amazon)
[![Medium: flavienb](https://img.shields.io/badge/-@flavienb-black?style=flat-square&amp;labelColor=black&amp;logo=Medium&amp)](https://links.berwick.fr/me-medium)

<h4>🚀 Dev tools I use</h4>

While I prioritize selecting the most suitable tool for each task, I have formed a special fondness for certain ones.

<p align="left">
<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/git/git-original-wordmark.svg" alt="git" width="25" height="25" />
<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/docker/docker-original.svg" alt="Docker" width="25" height="25" />
<img src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/kubernetes/kubernetes-icon.svg" alt="Kubernetes" width="25" height="25" />
<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/ubuntu/ubuntu-plain-wordmark.svg" alt="ubuntu" width="25" height="25" />
<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/python/python-original-wordmark.svg" alt="python" width="25" height="25" />
<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/react/react-original-wordmark.svg" alt="react" width="25" height="25" />
<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/npm/npm-original-wordmark.svg" alt="npm" width="25" height="25" />
<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/javascript/javascript-original.svg" alt="javascript" width="25" height="25" />
<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/typescript/typescript-original.svg" alt="typescript" width="25" height="25" />
<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/postgresql/postgresql-original-wordmark.svg" alt="PostgreSQL" width="25" height="25" />
<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/redis/redis-original-wordmark.svg" title="Redis" alt="redis" width="25" height="25" />
<img src="https://cdn.worldvectorlogo.com/logos/rabbitmq.svg" title="RabbitMQ" alt="RabbitMQ" width="25" height="25" />
<img src="https://cdn.worldvectorlogo.com/logos/elasticsearch.svg" title="Elasticsearch" alt="Elasticsearch" width="25" height="25" />
<img src="https://speeload.com/uploads/vzpROhPSto.png" title="Prefect" alt="Prefect" width="25" height="25" />
<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/nginx/nginx-original.svg" alt="nginx" width="25" height="25" />
<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/vscode/vscode-original.svg" alt="VSCode" width="25" height="25" />
<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/qt/qt-original.svg" title="Qt" alt="Qt" width="25" height="25" />
<img src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/google_cloud/google_cloud-icon.svg" title="Google Cloud Platform" alt="gcp" width="25" height="25" />
<img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/2232217?s=200&v=4" title="AWS" alt="aws" width="25" height="25" />
<img src="https://www.scaleway.com/favicon/favicon.svg" title="Scaleway" alt="scw" width="25" height="25" />
<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/gitlab/gitlab-original.svg" alt="GitLab" width="25" height="25" />
</p>

<h4>🎨 Design tools I use</h4>

When I want to create logos, prototype UI or [design 3D objects](https://art.berwick.fr/designs/).

<p align="left">
<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/photoshop/photoshop-plain.svg" title="Photoshop" alt="Photoshop" width="25" height="25" />
<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/xd/xd-plain.svg" title="Adobe XD" alt="Adobe XD" width="25" height="25" />
<img src="https://app.diagrams.net/images/apple-touch-icon.png" title="Draw.IO" alt="Draw.IO" width="25" height="25" />
<img src="https://icon-library.com/images/solidworks-icon/solidworks-icon-25.jpg" title="Solidworks" alt="Solidworks" width="25" height="25" />
</p>
  
<h4>📊 Profile analytics</h4>

![flavienbwk's stats](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=flavienbwk&show_icons=true&theme=default&bg_color=30,f7f7f7,d1d1d1&title_color=4b495c&text_color=707070&border_color=f0f0f0&icon_color=636363&border_radius=0&count_private=true)

Commit message:

Improved description and added books point

README.md, after:

# Allô 👋

- ⭐ Site Reliability & Software Engineer
- 💬 Always happy to chat about DevOps & SRE
- 🌱 Loving entrepreneurship as well as open-source
- 📖 Read my latest books [on Amazon](https://links.berwick.fr/me-amazon)
- 📕 Read my latest articles [on Medium](https://links.berwick.fr/me-medium)
- :octocat: Check my latest open-source projects [on GitHub](https://github.com/flavienbwk?tab=repositories)
- 💼 Connect with [me via e-mail](https://berwick.fr/en#contact) for business inquiries

[![LinkedIn: flavienbwk](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Flavien%20Berwick-blue?style=flat-square&logo=Linkedin&logoColor=white&link=https://www.linkedin.com/in/flavienb/)](https://links.berwick.fr/me-ldkn)
[![Amazon: Flavien BERWICK](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Flavien%27s%20books-whitesmoke?style=flat-square&amp;labelColor=whitesmoke&amp;logo=Amazon&amp)](https://links.berwick.fr/me-amazon)
[![Medium: flavienb](https://img.shields.io/badge/-@flavienb-black?style=flat-square&amp;labelColor=black&amp;logo=Medium&amp)](https://links.berwick.fr/me-medium)

<h4>🚀 Dev tools I use</h4>

While I prioritize selecting the most suitable tool for each task, I have formed a special fondness for certain ones.

<p align="left">
<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/git/git-original-wordmark.svg" alt="git" width="25" height="25" />
<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/docker/docker-original.svg" alt="Docker" width="25" height="25" />
<img src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/kubernetes/kubernetes-icon.svg" alt="Kubernetes" width="25" height="25" />
<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/ubuntu/ubuntu-plain-wordmark.svg" alt="ubuntu" width="25" height="25" />
<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/python/python-original-wordmark.svg" alt="python" width="25" height="25" />
<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/react/react-original-wordmark.svg" alt="react" width="25" height="25" />
<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/npm/npm-original-wordmark.svg" alt="npm" width="25" height="25" />
<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/javascript/javascript-original.svg" alt="javascript" width="25" height="25" />
<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/typescript/typescript-original.svg" alt="typescript" width="25" height="25" />
<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/postgresql/postgresql-original-wordmark.svg" alt="PostgreSQL" width="25" height="25" />
<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/redis/redis-original-wordmark.svg" title="Redis" alt="redis" width="25" height="25" />
<img src="https://cdn.worldvectorlogo.com/logos/rabbitmq.svg" title="RabbitMQ" alt="RabbitMQ" width="25" height="25" />
<img src="https://cdn.worldvectorlogo.com/logos/elasticsearch.svg" title="Elasticsearch" alt="Elasticsearch" width="25" height="25" />
<img src="https://speeload.com/uploads/vzpROhPSto.png" title="Prefect" alt="Prefect" width="25" height="25" />
<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/nginx/nginx-original.svg" alt="nginx" width="25" height="25" />
<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/vscode/vscode-original.svg" alt="VSCode" width="25" height="25" />
<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/qt/qt-original.svg" title="Qt" alt="Qt" width="25" height="25" />
<img src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/google_cloud/google_cloud-icon.svg" title="Google Cloud Platform" alt="gcp" width="25" height="25" />
<img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/2232217?s=200&v=4" title="AWS" alt="aws" width="25" height="25" />
<img src="https://www.scaleway.com/favicon/favicon.svg" title="Scaleway" alt="scw" width="25" height="25" />
<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/gitlab/gitlab-original.svg" alt="GitLab" width="25" height="25" />
</p>

<h4>🎨 Design tools I use</h4>

When I want to create logos, prototype UI or [design 3D objects](https://art.berwick.fr/designs/).

<p align="left">
<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/photoshop/photoshop-plain.svg" title="Photoshop" alt="Photoshop" width="25" height="25" />
<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/xd/xd-plain.svg" title="Adobe XD" alt="Adobe XD" width="25" height="25" />
<img src="https://app.diagrams.net/images/apple-touch-icon.png" title="Draw.IO" alt="Draw.IO" width="25" height="25" />
<img src="https://icon-library.com/images/solidworks-icon/solidworks-icon-25.jpg" title="Solidworks" alt="Solidworks" width="25" height="25" />
</p>
  
<h4>📊 Profile analytics</h4>

![flavienbwk's stats](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=flavienbwk&show_icons=true&theme=default&bg_color=30,f7f7f7,d1d1d1&title_color=4b495c&text_color=707070&border_color=f0f0f0&icon_color=636363&border_radius=0&count_private=true)
